MAVE (the Electrical Engineering
Students’ Hungarian Association)
was founded in 1986 with the aim
of broadening the knowledge and
widening the intellectual horizons
of engineering students.
The association was one of
the founders of EESTEC, and
has been an active member of it
since then. At the beginnings this
non-proﬁt student organisation arranged
short-term exchange programmes,
guiding foreign col-
leagues in Hungary. The situation has changed greatly; it is difﬁcult to even list
the activities of the organisation . Nevertheless, our principles have not changed:
MAVE is determined to offer unique experiences to young people, no matter if it
is a summer rowing tour, a challenging but interesting programming competition,
presentations by acknowledged experts, an international conference or life-long
friendships.
With the recent years’ high-proﬁle events our reputation has grown as well,
permitting us to be supported by not only the best academic professionals, but
by members of the for-proﬁt sector as well; they offer us their professional and
ﬁnancial contribution, and great ideas. Besides the notable professional achievements
of our members, all the above mentioned would not be worth anything if
the organisation did not remain a company of friends as well. Being a member of
this association does not merely mean opportunities, but also a great deal of joy.
Our members come from four signiﬁcant universities of Budapest, but we welcome
any other university’s engineering students as well that have the motivation
to do something more than others and stand out from the crowd.
In the academic year 2008/2009, MAVE further broadened its range of activities.
Our outstanding corporate relationships enable us to launch additional
courses, introducing new topics. In addition to the standard engineering and
informatics-related subjects, courses offering economic knowledge have started
off, widening the intellectual horizons of our students.
MAVE values greatly the cooperation with other non-proﬁt civil organisations,
thus – besides EESTEC – MAVE is a member of the Association of Higher Education
Student Organisations (FDE) and a cooperative partner of the Scientiﬁc
Association for Infocommunications Hungary (HTE) and of the John von Neumann
Computer Society (NJSZT).
WHAT WE ARE PROUD OF
Challange 24 - International 24 Hour Programming Challenge
A Hungarian initiative, a programming contest of several rounds requiring
extreme proﬁciency, taking place for the 14th time in 2014. More than 400 teams
register each year from the USA to Hungary to Vietnam. For further information
please refer to the Challenge24 website on http://ch24.org/
BeeSmarter
The BeeSmarter is a 2-round competition of mobile application development,
where the design is just as important as the coding. Designers and programmers
are taking the challange together, in the second round they have to solve different
problems within 24 hours. For further information please visit our website:
http://beesmarter.org/
Workshops
Within the framework of EESTEC we organise workshops annually, trying to
ﬁnd a good balance between theoretical knowledge and practical skills, and getting
our foreign guests acquainted with the Hungarian landmarks worth seeing.
Some exciting topics from the past years: Ethical Hacking, Computer Integrated
Surgery, Technology and Design in Motion, EESTEC Conference.
Furthermore, Hungary hosted EESTEC’s most important event, the annual
congress, four times.
Courses
We regularly organise professional courses on a variety of topics for students.
In 2014 we organise a series of lectures during the spring semester: „Intro-
duction to SAP development secrets” The participant can get to know more about
the operation, development, use and support of the SAP ERP system.
In the past few years a series of presentations was given by Oracle experts
on business intelligence. We were introduced to the mysteries of ABAP programming
in cooperation with SAP Labs Hungary. The topic Information Technology
was also brought by Morgan Stanley for discussion.
We could also list Google, GE HealthCare, KFKI, and PWC among our presenters,
and the list just goes on and on.