Our activity began April 29, 2013.
This day we were ofﬁcially registered
in the three faculties of
the Silesian University of Technology:
Faculty of Automatic Control,
Electronics and Computer
Science, Faculty of Electrical Engineering,
Faculty of Biomedical
Engineering. Before the end
of summer semester, we established
contact with Delphi company.
This resulted in organization
of the lecture titled "Design of
automotive electronics". We are
planning further meetings with representatives of the company and students of
our faculties.
We took a short break for the holiday period. However in September we
started meetings and planning further development. There was a possibility of
organizing local workshops with external company RENEX. The theme of the
workshops was to be the practical use of the equipment for assembly of electronic
components. After consulting with representatives of the company workshops
were established in March 2014. Cooperation has to rely on the organization of
lecture series for students. Then, among the group of volunteers will be drawn
10-15 people who will have the chance to take advantage of the latest hardware
installation under the supervision of experienced employees of RENEX company.
Our next partner with whom we have established cooperation was NGO AEGEE.
This organization running at the Silesian University of Technology for 22 years
which makes it good source of information.
Next company we work with is Capgemini. Together we ran a series of meetings
(one meeting per month) from October 2013. Lectures were the issues of
the computer industry including "Storage Management" and "Networking 101".
At the beginning of November took place the motivational weekend, organized by
the branch EESTEC from Krakow. During the meeting, our members partiin the training of soft skills and exchanging experiences with colleagues from a
friendly local committee. Effects of the weekend were immediately noticeable.
After several meetings we have made a decision to organize the international
workshops. At the moment we are carrying out this task.
International Technical Workshop "SIMPLE as that!" is a series of practical
and theoretical classes, which will be held from 22-29 April on the Silesian University
of Technology. During these workshops, ten EESTECers from different
LCs will have the chance to learn the secrets how ﬂight simulators work and acquire
the practical skills of programming maps for simulators. Classes will take
place in the newly built in 2011, the most modern in southern Poland, and unique
in Europe Virtual Flying Laboratory which is in the Faculty of SUT. Lab created
with the support of the European Union is a great place to raise awareness of
aviation and research work in the ﬁeld of information systems in aviation and navigation.
To provide high level of standards, there is also a cultural part. Workshop
participants will have the opportunity to visit the mine Guido in Zabrze, Gliwice
Radio Station and the historic Palm House. Opportunities that we provide to our
guests, letting them to know our region and to promote our image abroad.cipated
