It can be said that Finland is one
of the older players in EESTEC.
We have been around in one form
or another since the end of the
sixties - EURIELEC-days.
LC Helsinki itself can be seen
as a name-changed version of
NatCom Otaniemi/Espoo that has
adventured in EESTEC since the
year 1986. The ﬁrst workshop
here at Otaniemi was held back in
1988.
Ever since our LC has been
an integral part of our guild, the Guild of Electrical Engineering. Aalto University
got established in 2011 as a merger of three Finnish universities: Helsinki
University of Technology, The Helsinki School of Economics and The University
of Art and Design Helsinki. Consequently, our "Faculty of Electronics, Communications
and Automation" was renewed to this shining new entity called "The
Aalto University School of Electrical Engineering". Unfortunately, our guild lost a
couple of thousandeuros from its yearly funding due to this restructuring, leaving
our LC out in the cold. This hasn’t stopped LC Helsinki from evolving or growing
- We have negotiated our own yearly budget and new co-operation models with
different guilds, schools and parties.
Year 2013
In a retrospective the year 2013 hasn’t ﬁlled the wishes of the previous years.
One rejected YiA-grant and a total of three cancelled events in the year 2012
were a huge motivational throwback for the whole board. Preparations for a new
ITT & Plone sprint "SaunaSprint 2013" for the 19th of July were started around
February 2013. Again, all the accommodations and room were reserved, logos
were designed, budgets were done and so on. Total cost of about 5ke was easily
covered by multiple sponsorships from Plone-related companies. We got multiple
advance registrations from Plone developers around Finland. Everything
was running smoothly. In the meantime, Otto Luukkanen and Ukko attendedthe Congress 2013 hosted by LC Munich during 23rd-30th of April. This was a
great pre-party to a even larger carnival called Vappu, or Walpurgis Night, the
most important event for technology students in Finland. It’s a shame that the
Congress of 2014 is being planned for time period from 25th April to 2nd May,
which severely overlaps with Wappu and all the events prior to that. During summer
LC Tampere organized the LC Finland WokShop, or the traditional LC Suomi
summer meeting. The cabin weekend was spent in Pollo, Orivesi, with about ten
participants. Unfortunately the other nearby LC’s such as Tallinn, Linköping or
Riga couldn’t attend - Next year then! Then it hit us again. Our main contact in
the Plone Foundation duly informed us that most of his friends, that he talked to
our ITT event, are attending an another related event in Brazil. That included our
sponsors. Unfortunately we couldn’t compete with Brazil so once again we had
to cancel an event - It would have been near impossible to get other sponsors in
such a short notice.
It has been hard to motivate our board after all these setbacks. Despite this
we have attended a handful of freshman events to advertise EESTEC and its
events. LC Helsinki will once again shine bright!
Juho Suokas, Chairperson - LC Helsinki