LC Krakow, ﬁrst Local Committee
of EESTEC in Poland, is a students’
organization at AGH University
of Science and Technology
in Krakow. We are working
mostly with Faculty of Electrical
Engineering, Automatics, Computer
Science and Biomedical Engineering
and Faculty of Computer
Science, Electronics and
Telecommunications. LC Krakow
is dated back to 1998. At the be-
ginnig we were part of the Academic Circle of Electronics, but in 2007 we separated
and became independent students’ organization, registered in 2009.
EESTEC is making us have more motivation, more will to get up every day
(sometimes early in the morning) and do more than the day before. Our Eestecers
get motivation through different trainings, part of them during the Motivational
Weekend. There we have opportunity to get to know each other better, and
ﬁnd ourselves to act in EESTEC with more engagement and power. We make
a very cheerful team, composed of many people always willing to contribute and
work really hard towards our projects success.
In the past year we organized a couple of local events: KrakYourNet5 (a week
of lectures dedicated to web security), SoftSkillsAcademy4 (a week of trainings
devoted to perfect communication and interpersonal skills which are widely desired
both in and outside the workplace) and a new cycle of events aimed at
developing the enterpreneurship among students. This year we are planning
to continue developing these projects and also introduce a new event: Academic
Projects Fair, where students, companies and university professors can
exchange ideas and offers, which will help students in developing their academic
ideas and projects.
Internationally, in April 2013 we organized the exchange "Charge Up In Krakow"
which was a huge success - participants got a chance to take part in numerous
leisure activities, such as laser tag, a trip to the Tatra mountains and also were
able to learn about the history of Poland by visiting the city and a few nearby
places of interest such as Wieliczka salt mine or Auschwitz camp.
In July 2013, we organized, in cooperation with ABB Corporate Research
Center in Krakow, an Advanced Skills Workshop: ‘Smart Energy for a Better
World, edition 2’. This event is dedicated to Electrical Engineering students and
consisted of lectures and laboratories. Thanks to hard work, we managed to
achieve mutual goals - this year another edition will be organized, don’t miss the
chance to be a part of it!
In March 2014 we will host a 2nd edition of TOOL workshops here in Krakow
(the previous one was in Ankara): "Leadership TOOL: Leaders Of Tomorrow". 5
EESTEC Trainers and 14 participants will work together on unleashing their leadership
potential - by developing public speaking, motivation and many other skills,
at the same time not forgetting about the balance that has to be kept between
work and leisure time.
Our committee is constantly growing, both in number (this year for the ﬁrst
time we have over 100 members registered), motivation and new ideas. LC
Krakow explores and develops our own leadership potential and introduces students
to the corporate world. It is the most important that our goal is not only to
work but also to have a great deal of joy together.